feat(js): Import `BrowserTracing` directly from a browser SDK (#6508)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/ember/configuration/ember-options.mdx

### Performance Monitoring Considerations

> The Sentry tracing integration is already set up via the Ember addon with custom Ember instrumentation for routing, components, and the runloop. It sideloads Sentry performance monitoring as a chunk to instrument your application. If you would like to disable this automatic instrumentation and no longer receive the associated transactions, you can set `disablePerformance` in your config as in this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry tracing integration is already set up via the Ember add on with custom Ember instrumentation for routing, components, and the runloop. It sideloads Sentry performance monitoring as a chunk to instrument your application. If you'd like to disable this automatic instrumentation and stop receiving the associated transactions,  set `disablePerformance` in your config. See example below:
```
